General Notes:
    - Michigan teachers have to opt-out of MEA union and so the data
    will be biased as those who don't unionize are choosing so and
    those who do are either unaware or choosing to stay. Either way we
    won't be able to use these aside from looking at varying union strength
    across Michigan counties which won't provide the effect we're looking for.

    - Perhaps we can use the June 2018 supreme court ruling that prohibits
    unions from collecting fees from non-members for collective Bargaining
    and other similar uses as our 'marker' and take a look at those who left
    and those who stayed. While this introduces a selection bias there may
    not be many other ways and we could find ways to work out this bias.
    I believe this to be the case as prior to the ruling the members had
    remained union members and non-members simply had to pay in. While this
    may introduce selection bias still as non-members had chosen to opt-out
    earlier in their career this doesn't have to be the case. Many of these
    non-members disagreed with the politics of national and state level agency
    not the local union and CBA representing them. Looking at non-member wage
    compared to member wage before and after the ruling could provide some
    insight as to the difference in wages.

    - Using Strunks PIIR method to evaluate coefficients for a hedonic
    pricing model of wages could help us to find the exact difference
    between the union and non-union districts.

    - Washington CBA data shows strong correlation between full range of
    provisions and the reduced cutting from 660(1) down to 220(.88) and then even
    further cuts(.75) can be made without loss of generality. If we can
    get this data we can compare counties to build our hedonic model and Then
    plug in provisions from non-union counties to find what the difference in
    unionized pay is because the hedonic model will have controlled for
    variation across non-monetary incentives like class size and the like.

    - Consider using a less accurate measure for teacher influence by using
    PIIR to measure union strength and then checking teacher wage across a large
    number of districts with these unions. It would help to establish some estimate of
    what makes strong unions different from weak ones and non-existent ones.
    - This could also let us look at spillover effects of having strong Unions
    in one place and weaker in another perhaps supporting a spatial study as well.

Dan Goldhaber: CBA work
  Paper: Teacher Collective Bargaining: Assessing the Internal Validity of
  Partial Independence Item Response Measures of Contract Restrictiveness
    - PIIR method could allow us to do an analysis across different unions
    restrictiveness by type of restrictiveness and then compare these to less
    and more restrictive districts. Then we can hopefully compare these
    non-monetary values of teacher incentives by cancelling them out when
    we compare districts to non-union districts.
        - Extensive research has been done with Washington schools and should
        be considered a strong candidate for this research.
    - This paper tells us that using restricted provisions provided
    they're the right provisions will yield similar results of restrictiveness
    and can be categorized by provision. This should let us perform some
    analysis on groups of these districts to find the 'value' of each
    provision and then set these plus some actual wage equal to the real wage
    of a unionized teacher. Then we can read through provisions of non-unionized
    districts with similar demographics, income percentiles, etc. and find
    what they'd be expected to make as a union worker. This difference should
    capture what we're looking for.
	- Look for TR3 data set 

Katharine Strunk: Union Work
  Paper: It is in the Contract: How the Policies Set in Teachers’ Unions’
  Collective Bargaining Agreements Vary Across States and Districts
    - Look into CBA differences across Districts
      - CBA: Collective Bargaining Agreements are the driving force behind
      many of the decisions made in schools
      - California has the first set of rich data displaying differences
      across the CBA by districts
      - Pay is scheduled among Washington CBA and so is omitted. However
      this data could be useful if it varies across union and non-Union
      workers and should be explored and asked for if possible.
      - Page 9 describes another paper answering as to why the estimates
      will be non-causal and should be read as well. On top of this it
      points out the models used to perform analysis
      - Michigan has much more strict bargaining policy and could be used
      to control for more biased variables.
      - District size is a large predictor for CBA length and issues
      at least as compared to poverty levels although lower poverty
      levels are correlated with less preparation time for high schools
      and larger class sizes and maximum class sizes although this too
      varies across states and districts.

http://data.kitsapsun.com/projects/wa-school/
    - This is a great source for some data on Washington salary schedule.

https://fordhaminstitute.org/ohio/commentary/unionized-teacher-salaries
    - Commentary on union pay compared to non-union pay, this is
    supplemented with studies.
    - Provides union strength by state, can be used to find similarity and
    allow for cross state evaluations if we find similar CBA districts that
    are across state lines.
